The iOS Project Consists of three viewController classes, which controls three UIViewControllers in 1 main storyboard. In the art.scnassets folder, there is a .scn file that contains all the 3D elements, that is, a stack of boxes that will be placed in the AR. There is also a jpeg file that will serve as the diffuseMaterial for all the boxes in .scn file. The Assets.xcassets folder contains the logo, an image that will be placed where a horizontal plane is located, and the full project name logo in a jpeg file.  

The .scn file in the art.scnassets folder has four essential components a camera node, ambient light, directional light, and a container. The container contains the box nodes for six boxes and the floor. All boxes have dynamic physics properties, whereas the floor has a static physics property. The floor allows all the boxes to stay fixed in their place until an external force is applied instead of being pulled down by gravity. The floor itself is not visible so that when placed in the real world, it creates an illusion that the boxes are placed on the surface in the real world. Furthermore, all the boxes are initially hidden until a plane is detected. Once the plane is detected and the user decides to place the boxes, we can set the turn on the visibility of the boxes.

When the game is first turned on, the intitialviewcontroller class controls the storyboard entry point UIViewController. This UIViewController contains four simple elements: an image containing the name of the app, a label “Highest Score,” a label that displays the highest score, and a button “Start Game” that takes the user to the game screen using a show segue. 

The label highscore is manipulated using the intialviewController to show the highest score stored in UserDefaults with the key “highScore.” If the user is playing this game for the first time and no previous score exists, it would show 0.

The next UIViewController is linked to the class ViewController. The entire view in the UI is occupied by ARSCNView. The ViewController class has seven functions and are fundamental to the game. The viewDidLoad function prepares the stage for the game. It sets everything to its default intended values. The renderer function works with a load tracker to detect a horizontal plane and place a tracking marker, which helps the user to know where the boxes would be placed and what orientation they would be placed if they tap the screen. TouchesBegan function works with physicsWorld function to place the boxes where the marker was placed. It also launches bullets, and every time physicsWorld is triggered, a point is added using the scoreUP function. Finally, the function GameTimer is a timer function that keeps track of time [10 seconds]. When the time is up, the function checks whether the score obtained by the user is higher than the previous highest score. If it is higher, replace the old high score with the new high score. Irrespective of the previous outcome, it pauses the current session using the viewWillDisappear function and presents the next UIViewController, which is EndViewcontroller. 

The EndViewcontroller shows you the total points that you accumulated within the 10 sections using a lebel. It also consists of a button which takes you back to the initial landing page by dismissing the current view and previous view. 
